	Version Details
	----------------

V1.0	POC.

V2.0	Added grid designer (later to become the Tree Designer).

V3.0	First fully-functional utility.

Changes (3.0.1)
	Changed button order on main form.
	FIX: Handle default Title setting correctly (now based on filename).
	FIX: Cope with duplicate header settings (as when overriding).
	
Changes (3.0.2)
	Implemented File->New Tree and File->Open Tree main-menu options.
	Implemented View->Show/Hide All Child Links main-menu options in Tree Designer.
	Forced file dialogs to prompt before overwriting a file.
	Prevented user manually editing filename field.
	FIX: 'Process' button corrupting in-memory person captions.
	Allow comments in tree definition file (using single quote).

Changes (3.0.3)
	Remind user if he might have left unsaved changes in the Tree Designer.
	Implemented DesCols/DesRows settings for Tree Designer grid size.
	FIX: scroll position incorrect when resizing Tree Designer.
	Optimise redraw when resizing Tree Designer.

Changes (3.0.4)
	FIX: Incorrect algorithm to relate grid indices to columns/rows.
	FIX: Deleting a family was incomplete, preventing later spouse deletion.
	Tree Designer didn't allow dynamic changing of grid size.
	FIX: Problems with grid on reorientating within the Tree Designer.

Changes (3.1.0)
	Implement SVGFile=boolean setting.
	FIX: Scroll position not adjusted on orientation or 'Stepped' change.
	Show tree title in Tree Designer.

Changes (3.1.1)
	FIX: Accidentally converting XML Entity References in notes within information panels.

Changes (3.2.0)
	Should be using "current working dir" for tree files, not application dir.
	Change Save-As function to be as expected in Windows applications.
	Validate keys, and any Title=? setting.
	FIX: Calculation errors when generating SVG for vertical orientations.
	FIX: Output error if no families defined.
	Implement "compact URL" notation and management for switching between local/remote storage.
	Implement images within the person boxes.
	Implemented short captions for when boxes are too small or for use with images.

Changes (4.0.0)
	Implemented 'id=' attributes on person-boxes so that they can be referenced by URL and scrolled into view.
	FIX: If child on top of another with a child-link, moving it moved the link too.
	Implemented menu options to copy and paste persons/families (e.g. between different sessions).
	Implemented multiple-select via Ctrl+Click. Affects Copy-Person and Delete-Person operations.
	Save/restore Tree Designer size and position. Don't always maximize.
	Implemented zoom control in Tree Designer via menu options, and Ctrl/+ or Ctrl/- keystrokes.
	Include optional pan-zoom support for browser from external source (see user guide).
	Changed border and text of empty boxes to faint grey.
	Support images and captions together in Tree Designer boxes.
	Added HTML toolbar for editing person and family notes.
	Implemented RootKey parameter to emphasise a direct-line through ancestral generations.

Changes (4.0.1)
	FIX: Scrollbar error when zooming Tree Designer display.
	FIX: Undo button enabled too soon on HTML toolbar.
	FIX: Blogger.com sizing issues.
	FIX: Controls=True processed even when SVGFile=True.

Changes (4.0.2)
	FIX: Tree Designer Stuff carried between sessions, including multiple-selections.
	FIX: Multi-selection not always cleared down at the right point.
	FIX: Upset <svg> sizing in 4.0.1.

Changes (4.1.0)
	Provide HTML preview option when editing person or family notes in Tree Designer.
	Added Copy-and-Paste support to Place Management form.

Changes (4.1.1)
	FIX: Not generating the correct decimal-point character in non-English locales.

Changes (4.2.0)
	FIX: Handle bad place-key definitions differently to actual missing files.
	Implement Fanned=True setting to duplicate Tree Designer style in browsers.
	FIX: Show 'Unshown children' status in Tree Designer (and 'fanned' output format) using striated family circles.
	Give <line> elements a class based on their family key to allow them to be distinguished with CSS formatting.

Changes (4.2.1)
	Look at Alt key when dismissing information panels.
	FIX: Keys not being validated when first loaded from file.
	FIX: coordinates miscalculated when scrolled to end of large tree.
	FIX: better cope with child boxes being at different levels in browser output.
	Increase maximum size of Tree Designer grid.

Changes (4.3.0)
	Information panels and tooltips no longer exclusive. Each can hold different text.
	Support custom event handling, in both HTML and SVG output.
	Allow for general textual data for persons/families to support custom event handlers.
	Tabbed UI to handle the three types of textual data for persons/families.

Changes (4.3.1)
	FIX: Changed button names in secondary forms from Exit/Quit to OK/Cancel.
	FIX: Changed Open-File dialogs to better cope with case-sensitive filenames on the Mac.
	FIX: Size Tree Designer window according to grid size (and screen size) rather than Maximize.
	FIX: Cope with multiple monitors. Size and position of forms evaluated according to active monitor.
	FIX: Could not grab glowing line when over empty grid box.
	FIX: Could not right-click on family-circle if adjoining line was glowing.
	FIX: Use "\" to force line-breaks in captions, not "|" as it is the long/short caption separator.
	FIX: Fix right-click menu issue in 'Manage Places' form.
	Edit-Person and Edit-Family forms now remember if they've been resized.

Changes (4.3.2)
	FIX: Resizing 'Manage Places' form left edit box at old location on some systems.
	Tree definition file now in UTF-8 (with associated BOM).
	FIX: Generate numeric character references for any non-ASCII characters in HTML/SVG output.
	Provider batch scripts to help with installation of new versions, and update of shortcut.

Changes (4.4.0)
	FIX: Improved error handling when window locked for updates.
	Added option to have one-or-more selectable buttons in the person-box corners, plus distinct event handlers.
	Improvements to output quality, and to control over custom formatting.
	Made 'Sex' tristate: male, female, and unknown/indeterminate.
	Optional to put rounded corners on person-boxes, and any embedded buttons.
	Implemented local settings per-person and per-family.

Changes (4.4.1)
	FIX: ADODB behaving differently on newer systems. Change order of settings when opening tree file to avoid Unicode replacement characters (FFFD).

Changes (4.5.0)
	Allow icons for the person-box buttons.
	Allow tooltips for person-box buttons.
	Improve caption wrapping and positioning within person-boxes.
	Improve SVG code with semantic grouping, and making it smaller.
	RootKey setting can now be specified in the Edit-Person form.
	Button added to HTML toolbar for specifying event details (see show-case application).
	For clarity, "UserData" setting renamed to "ProgData", and "Controls" to "InfoPanels".
	'Undo' operations in the Edit-Person and Edit-Family HTML panels are now stacked (i.e. can do multiple).
	'Image Proportion', in Edit-Person form, can now be a percentage or a decimal.
	Implemented NavData=True option to generate tree-navigation data for programmers.
	FIX: Wrong family key may be selected when writing sorted family list to tree definition file.
	FIX: Timing error when "HTML Preview" initialising its homepage.
	FIX: Person and family keys must be distinct from each other.
	FIX: Orientation not switched properly by Edit-Settings form.

Changes (4.5.1)
	FIX: Character entities not handled correctly in HTML event mark-up.
	FIX: Added missing Timeline=boolean option to generate timeline reports for users.
	FIX: Validate new event types in HTML event mark-up.
	FIX: Improve date scanning during HTML event mark-up.
	FIX: User-guide was mangled by MS Word bug.
	FIX: msado15.dll not addressed by installer.

Changes (4.5.2)
	FIX: Timeline=True setting not including navigation data or navigation.js support.

Changes (4.6.0)
	Handle GEDCOM-like dates and their keywords (only Gregorian/Julian, no "B.C." suffix, and no date phrases).
	Added Timeline checkbox to Edit-Settings form.
	Added 'Auto Layout' option to attempt layout algorithmically.
	Rounded corners is now the default on person-boxes.
	Implement command-line to specify first tree definition file, and processing options (e.g. positioning Designer window).
	Move multiply-selected boxes as a group.
	Added menu options to select all boxes, or all children of a family (e.g. for a group move).
	FIX: Predefined event-types (in HTML event mark-up) sometimes got added to dropdown twice.
	FIX: Generate <span> rather than <div> for event mark-up in most cases.
	FIX: When pasting family or multiple persons, non-overlapping boxes sometimes coloured red.
	FIX: When pasting family into narrow grid, some child links were not drawn.
	FIX: When pasting family to place where children already exist, internal error associating existing children.
	FIX: Non-existent tree definition files were quietly created as empty files.
	FIX: More accurate multiple-selection when several persons stacked on same box.
	FIX: Indicate application is "DPI aware" (actually "system DPI").

Changes (4.6.1)
	FIX: 'Object Required' error using 'Edit Child' button in 'Edit Family' form.
	FIX: HTML Notes tab loses focus when HTML Toolbar checkbox toggled.
	FIX: When right-clicking on *.txt and selecting 'Open With' SVG.exe, working directory is system32 (unless SVG.exe browsed for).
	FIX: Drag-n-drop rectangle persists under Windows 10 when destination invalid (valid destinations already fixed).
	FIX: Release window updates before logging out-of-bounds coordinates to logging window.

Changes (5.0.0)
	Full GEDCOM import, allowing copy-and-paste into Tree Designer.
	Tighten up key+click usage in browsers to help IE users and Mac users.
	Configuration settings to control which key+click combinations map to which operations.
	FIX: Allow file open/save dialogs to change working directory.
	FIX: Layout for sequential marriages not always as intended.
	FIX: Moving a box associated with sequential marriages didn't update internal data properly.
	FIX: Improve scaling and padding of SVG in HTML, and avoid content breaking out of bounding box.
	FIX: Ctrl+Click on empty person-box generated error message.
	Split main documentation into separate user-guide and program documentation.

Changes (5.0.1)
	FIX: Short caption not being generated from imported GEDCOM.
	FIX: GEDCOM calendar escapes not decoded properly.

Changes (5.0.2)
	Keep SVG aspect ratio when squeezing image into a blog, etc.
	Modified formatting of Julian dates to drop day-of-week.
	FIX: Improved any resizing of the GEDCOM Loader form.
	FIX: "Illegal date syntax" error if no date was found when adding HTML mark-up to person/family Notes.
	FIX: Strengthen handling of unrecognised GEDCOM dates.

Changes (5.0.3)
	FIX: Handle larger GEDCOM files without "Oveflow" error.
	FIX: Improve performance of GEDCOM Loader.
	FIX: Added checks for "lineage loop" when trying to layout exported GEDCOM relationships.

Changes (5.0.4)
	FIX: Better formatting when merging multiple GEDCOM NOTE contributions.
	FIX: Better handling of HTML and/or plain-text GEDCOM NOTE contributions.
	Add any alternative names to a person's notes.

Changes (5.1)
	Import thumbnail image references from GEDCOM (see User Guide).
	Added 'Localise Images' button in Tree Designer to help create local image copies for Tree Designer.
	Added Find-Person option in Tree Designer.
	Added 'Select All' button to Timeline applications.
	FIX: Carry any required place-keys with copy-and-paste operations.
	FIX: Wrong creation version put on *.txt files created from GEDCOM file.
	FIX: Error loading empty GEDCOM file.
	FIX: Failed to layout lineage where child marries step-parent.

Changes (5.1.1)
	FIX: Ensure each child in a loaded tree has just one parent family.
	FIX: Avoid occlusion of the family-circle when there are sequential marriages within a set of people.

Changes (5.1.2)
	FIX: Potential for unhandled exception in runtime support when zooming in/out of Tree Designer view.
	FIX: Don't move multiply-selected items if an explicit non-selected box is moved.
	FIX: Form heights not always including space needed for menu bar.

Changes (5.1.3)
	FIX: URL parameters on the end of an image-name causes syntax error on 'P' records.
	FIX: Populated GEDCOM Loader prevents Tree Designer from redrawing when reloaded.

Changes (5.1.4, DLL 1.1.1)
	FIX: Better handling of image file references that do not use place keys.
	FIX: Provide 'Save' option in Tree Designer, and adjust semantics of Save/Save-As to Windows convention.
	FIX: Better joining of tree lines under high magnification.
	FIX: More accurate clipping of buttons and icon-buttons.
	FIX: Better recognition of unsaved data in Tree Designer, and better avoidance of accidental loss.

Changes (5.1.4, DLL 1.1.2)
	FIX: Changes to accommodate non-standard GEDCOM dates exported by MyHeritage Family Tree Builder.

Changes (5.1.5, DLL 1.1.3)
	FIX: Load many more non-standard (or rather 'illegal') GEDCOM dates exported by Legacy (R) from Millennia Corp.
	FIX: Allow cascade of GEDCOM errors to be stopped, and loading to be abandoned.
	FIX: Program did not terminate correctly if main Form closed before active Edit session.

Changes (5.2.0, DLL 1.1.4)
	Added option to save progress window, or part thereof, to file.
	Allow minimum valid date year to be specified when loading GEDCOM.
	FIX: Better handling of incomplete tree definition files generated with reported errors by GEDCOM loader.
	FIX: File -> Close menu option not working in GEDCOM Browser.
	FIX: Progress window lost colour attributes when data capped at 50,000 characters.

Changes (5.3.0, DLL 1.1.4)
	Added new family setting to distinguish married couple from other liaisons.

Changes (5.3.1, DLL 1.1.4)
	The new 'liaison' setting not generated when importing from GEDCOM (caused error).
	Tree definition file specified on command-line needed either an explicit drive or folder name.

Changes (5.3.2, DLL 1.1.4)
	Added new argument to tl_show() in Timeline support so that UK-format dates can be requested.

Changes (5.3.3, DLL 1.1.4)
	Fixed problem with key names for new people (introduced in previous version).

Changes	(6.0.0, DLL 1.2.0)
	Implementation of viewpoints to see subsets of a full tree, and to generate linked trees for the browser.
	Open framework for application selection and configuration, including existing Timeline and InfoPanels applications.
	Placed selected settings in a new Advanced Settings form.
	Access to tooltips and icons for *all* button corners via Advanced Settings form.
	Access to person-box sizes, person-box separations, and button sizes via Advanced Settings form.
	Ability for an application to only add buttons to selected person-boxes, dependent upon their program data content.
	Improvements to the joining of shapes and lines so that highly-magnified editions are cleaner.
	Improved choice between scaling and scrolling of large trees.
	Default size of person-box buttons raised from 10x10 pixels to 12x12.
	Support for IE 11.
	Improvements to Save/Save-As options, and the use of modeless forms.
	Ability to specify stock image for person boxes (per sex) via Settings form.
	Shortened caption now derived automatically from full caption if otherwise empty.
	Ability to make person boxes opaque rather than translucent.
	Ability to specify background image for tree in browser via Advanced-Settings form.
	Ability to open biographical notes in a separate browser tab rather than using a pop-up information panels.
	Enhanced manipulation of HTML in notes. Better help selecting parts. Preservation of unsupported attributes.
	Find-Person option in Tree Designer also scrolls person into view. Can be accessed using Ctrl+F shortcut now.
	Local per-person settings now provide control over button tooltips.
	Toolkit to help application development using 'Program Data' tab (e.g. for highlighting DNA matches).
	Table-based data editor for registered data formats in Program Data tabs.
	Global/Local per-person and per-family settings allow user-defined CSS classes to be assigned to visible entities.
	Previous global per-family CSS classes associated with lines are no longer preassigned.
	GEDCOM export.
	GEDCOM import: "SEX ?" accepted as alternative to "SEX U".
	GEDCOM import: Better importing of personal names, including support for multiple names and itemised name parts.
	Storage of separate (multiple) personal names for each person, interfacing to GEDCOM better.
	Auto-key generation for new person or family (can be overridden).
	Ability to specify alternative header file (e.g. alternative to Header.html) for use during application development.
	Caption of Tree Designer window changed to show current grid size.
	Accept sex character of 'u' (unspecified/unknown) to distinguish from existing 'x' (other/indeterminate).
	Custom domain used for internet resources, e.g. https://parallaxviewpoint.com/SVGcode.
	Command-line now has optional tree definition file, which means options are allowed on their own.
	Re-written Place-Management utility to iron-out many wrinkles.
	New 'Ancestor Links' application and old RootKey setting collaborate to implement a "startup person".
	FIX: PNG files were not accepted in the Tree Designer before due to limitations of MS library.
	FIX: Better handling of non-Windows files (i.e. record terminator issues).
	FIX: Now checking for multiple definitions of place-keys in *.txt file.
	FIX: Percentage values not interpreted correctly on 'ImagePart' header setting.
	FIX: Better handling of entity references in notes/tooltips, and XHTML conformance when SVGFile=True.
	FIX: Possible lock-up during 'Auto Layout' option.
	FIX: 'Copy Person and Spouse' option in GEDCOM Browser was non-functioning.
	FIX: 'Copy Person and All Spouses' option in GEDCOM Browser did not save the associated family details.
	FIX: Acknowledgement of adopted or fostered status of child in a family.
	FIX: In the Place-Management form, the right-click options to show current expansions did not work correctly.
	FIX: Switching orientation did not switch grid size.
	FIX: Moving group of multiply-selected boxes in Stepped mode could distort their arrangement.
	FIX: Alternative drag-icon available to overcome issues with WINE-based compatibility layers such as PlayOnMac.
	FIX: Changing RootKey and re-generating outputs did not always undo previous highlighted paths.
	Record types (first letter of records in *.txt file) now case-sensitive.
	Many new header settings: Viewpoints, NotesData, Opaque, Scaled, Header, BGImage*, Class*, and StockImage*.
	New record types V/f/p added for Viewpoints.
	Deprecated old record type "_", and old header settings 'Controls' and 'UserData'.
	Deprecated header settings AltClick, Click, CtrlClick, and ShiftClick.